C:\Users\alien\OneDrive\Public\DotNet Core\Project 2019 Files\MovieKnights\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\MovieKnights.deps.json
C:\Users\alien\OneDrive\Public\DotNet Core\Project 2019 Files\MovieKnights\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\MovieKnights.runtimeconfig.json
C:\Users\alien\OneDrive\Public\DotNet Core\Project 2019 Files\MovieKnights\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\MovieKnights.runtimeconfig.dev.json
c:\Users\alien\OneDrive\Public\DotNet Core\Project 2019 Files\MovieKnights\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\MovieKnights.dll
c:\Users\alien\OneDrive\Public\DotNet Core\Project 2019 Files\MovieKnights\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\MovieKnights.pdb
C:\Users\alien\OneDrive\Public\DotNet Core\Project 2019 Files\MovieKnights\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\MovieKnights.Views.dll
c:\Users\alien\OneDrive\Public\DotNet Core\Project 2019 Files\MovieKnights\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\MovieKnights.Views.pdb
c:\Users\alien\OneDrive\Public\DotNet Core\Project 2019 Files\MovieKnights\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\MovieKnights.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\alien\OneDrive\Public\DotNet Core\Project 2019 Files\MovieKnights\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\MovieKnights.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\alien\OneDrive\Public\DotNet Core\Project 2019 Files\MovieKnights\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\MovieKnights.RazorAssemblyInfo.cache
c:\Users\alien\OneDrive\Public\DotNet Core\Project 2019 Files\MovieKnights\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\MovieKnights.RazorAssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\alien\OneDrive\Public\DotNet Core\Project 2019 Files\MovieKnights\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\MovieKnights.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\alien\OneDrive\Public\DotNet Core\Project 2019 Files\MovieKnights\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\MovieKnights.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\alien\OneDrive\Public\DotNet Core\Project 2019 Files\MovieKnights\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\MovieKnights.TagHelpers.input.cache
c:\Users\alien\OneDrive\Public\DotNet Core\Project 2019 Files\MovieKnights\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\MovieKnights.TagHelpers.output.cache
c:\Users\alien\OneDrive\Public\DotNet Core\Project 2019 Files\MovieKnights\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\MovieKnights.RazorCoreGenerate.cache
c:\Users\alien\OneDrive\Public\DotNet Core\Project 2019 Files\MovieKnights\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Pages\Error.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\alien\OneDrive\Public\DotNet Core\Project 2019 Files\MovieKnights\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Pages\Index.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\alien\OneDrive\Public\DotNet Core\Project 2019 Files\MovieKnights\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Pages\Privacy.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\alien\OneDrive\Public\DotNet Core\Project 2019 Files\MovieKnights\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Pages\Shared\_CookieConsentPartial.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\alien\OneDrive\Public\DotNet Core\Project 2019 Files\MovieKnights\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Pages\Shared\_Layout.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\alien\OneDrive\Public\DotNet Core\Project 2019 Files\MovieKnights\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Pages\Shared\_ValidationScriptsPartial.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\alien\OneDrive\Public\DotNet Core\Project 2019 Files\MovieKnights\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Pages\_ViewImports.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\alien\OneDrive\Public\DotNet Core\Project 2019 Files\MovieKnights\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Pages\_ViewStart.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\alien\OneDrive\Public\DotNet Core\Project 2019 Files\MovieKnights\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\MovieKnights.RazorTargetAssemblyInfo.cache
c:\Users\alien\OneDrive\Public\DotNet Core\Project 2019 Files\MovieKnights\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\MovieKnights.RazorTargetAssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\alien\OneDrive\Public\DotNet Core\Project 2019 Files\MovieKnights\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\MovieKnights.Views.pdb
c:\Users\alien\OneDrive\Public\DotNet Core\Project 2019 Files\MovieKnights\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\MovieKnights.dll
c:\Users\alien\OneDrive\Public\DotNet Core\Project 2019 Files\MovieKnights\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\MovieKnights.pdb
C:\Users\alien\OneDrive\Public\DotNet Core\Project 2019 Files\MovieKnights\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\MovieKnights.csproj.CopyComplete
C:\Users\tomso\Desktop\Trios\dotnetCore\MovieKnights\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\MovieKnights.deps.json
C:\Users\tomso\Desktop\Trios\dotnetCore\MovieKnights\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\MovieKnights.runtimeconfig.json
C:\Users\tomso\Desktop\Trios\dotnetCore\MovieKnights\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\MovieKnights.runtimeconfig.dev.json
c:\Users\tomso\Desktop\Trios\dotnetCore\MovieKnights\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\MovieKnights.dll
c:\Users\tomso\Desktop\Trios\dotnetCore\MovieKnights\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\MovieKnights.pdb
C:\Users\tomso\Desktop\Trios\dotnetCore\MovieKnights\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\MovieKnights.Views.dll
c:\Users\tomso\Desktop\Trios\dotnetCore\MovieKnights\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\MovieKnights.Views.pdb
c:\Users\tomso\Desktop\Trios\dotnetCore\MovieKnights\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\MovieKnights.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\tomso\Desktop\Trios\dotnetCore\MovieKnights\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\MovieKnights.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\tomso\Desktop\Trios\dotnetCore\MovieKnights\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\MovieKnights.RazorAssemblyInfo.cache
c:\Users\tomso\Desktop\Trios\dotnetCore\MovieKnights\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\MovieKnights.RazorAssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\tomso\Desktop\Trios\dotnetCore\MovieKnights\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\MovieKnights.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\tomso\Desktop\Trios\dotnetCore\MovieKnights\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\MovieKnights.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\tomso\Desktop\Trios\dotnetCore\MovieKnights\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\MovieKnights.TagHelpers.input.cache
c:\Users\tomso\Desktop\Trios\dotnetCore\MovieKnights\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\MovieKnights.TagHelpers.output.cache
c:\Users\tomso\Desktop\Trios\dotnetCore\MovieKnights\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\MovieKnights.RazorCoreGenerate.cache
c:\Users\tomso\Desktop\Trios\dotnetCore\MovieKnights\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Pages\Error.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\tomso\Desktop\Trios\dotnetCore\MovieKnights\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Pages\Index.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\tomso\Desktop\Trios\dotnetCore\MovieKnights\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Pages\Privacy.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\tomso\Desktop\Trios\dotnetCore\MovieKnights\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Pages\Shared\_CookieConsentPartial.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\tomso\Desktop\Trios\dotnetCore\MovieKnights\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Pages\Shared\_Layout.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\tomso\Desktop\Trios\dotnetCore\MovieKnights\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Pages\Shared\_ValidationScriptsPartial.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\tomso\Desktop\Trios\dotnetCore\MovieKnights\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Pages\_ViewImports.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\tomso\Desktop\Trios\dotnetCore\MovieKnights\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Pages\_ViewStart.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\tomso\Desktop\Trios\dotnetCore\MovieKnights\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\MovieKnights.RazorTargetAssemblyInfo.cache
c:\Users\tomso\Desktop\Trios\dotnetCore\MovieKnights\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\MovieKnights.RazorTargetAssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\tomso\Desktop\Trios\dotnetCore\MovieKnights\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\MovieKnights.Views.pdb
c:\Users\tomso\Desktop\Trios\dotnetCore\MovieKnights\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\MovieKnights.dll
c:\Users\tomso\Desktop\Trios\dotnetCore\MovieKnights\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\MovieKnights.pdb
C:\Users\tomso\Desktop\Trios\dotnetCore\MovieKnights\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\MovieKnights.csproj.CopyComplete
c:\Users\tomso\Desktop\Trios\dotnetCore\MovieKnights\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Pages\Cast.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\tomso\Desktop\Trios\dotnetCore\MovieKnights\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Pages\CreateUser.g.cshtml.cs
